All of the files found within the "public/vox" folder of this git repository are
subject to Valve's legal terms concerning use of their assets in non-commercial
projects, as found in the Steam Subscriber Agreement
(https://store.steampowered.com/subscriber_agreement/). A human-readable summary
of those terms may be found in the Steamworks Documentation
(https://partner.steamgames.com/doc/sdk/uploading/distributing_source_engine),
but the text of that summary has not been reviewed for legal use and as such
must not be considered a suitable replacement or stand-in for the text found in
the Steam Subscriber Agreement. The summary is provided for informational
purposes only.

All other files found within this git repository are subject to the MIT License,
which is written below:

MIT License Copyright (c) 2019-2023 Lily Skye

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice (including the next
paragraph) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.